docs: add clarification to loader `this.callback` usage (#7855)
web-infra-dev/rspack: website/docs/en/api/loader-api/context.mdx

3. The third parameter is a source map that can be processed by the loader.
4. The fourth parameter is ignored by Rspack and can be anything (e.g. some metadata).

:::warning
In case this function is called, you should return `undefined` to avoid ambiguous loader results.

The value passed to `this.callback` will be passed to the next loader in the chain.

> Without returning its value, for example `meta`, the next loader will not receive it.

Reviewer: Try to make it clearer:

```suggestion
The `sourceMap` and `meta` parameters are optional. If they are not passed, the next loader will not receive them.
```
